From Hanselman it's dot com.
It's Hansel minutes, a weekly
discussion with web developer and
technologists. Scott Hanselman. This is
Lawrence Ryan announcing show number one
76. Recorded live Thursday, August 20th, 2009.
Support for Hansel minutes is
provided by Tellerik RD controls
the most comprehensive suite of
components for windows forums and
asp.net web applications online@wwwdottelerik.com. In
this episode, Scott discusses and
service bus with author and
enterprise development expert booty to
hon. Hi, This is Scott
Hanselman, and this is another
episode of Hanselminutes today. I
have the pleasure of sitting
down with UDI to Han,
who is a enterprise, a
consultant, and an independent consultant
who has a known worldwide
for, for making things happen
in the enterprise. And he
has got an, a, an
open source application called N
service bus, and I bumped
into hoody all over the,
all over the world. I
think I saw you in
Norway a couple of months
ago. You're in Norway again
right now. Is that correct?
That's right. That's right. Yeah.
And you must do a
lot of traveling all over,
all over the world, doing
this kind of consulting pretty
much. That's what I do
and go to all sorts
of places and help people
with their, with their applications,
with their systems, all that
fun stuff. And on your,
on your blog, you call
yourself the software simplest. It
always seems like you write
in such a clear way
that you're always trying to
strive for, for simplicity and
clarity and everything that you
do. And recently end service
bus came to my attention
and it was kind of
an interesting thing because I
used to work for a
large financial services company. And
recently, one of my cohort,
my former coworker said that
they were working with you
and with an service bus.
And I had just seen
you before, and we hadn't
had a chance to hook
up for a, for a
chat. So I started digging
into this and I, I
think that this is really
something interesting for the community
to hear more about it.
Cause I don't think that
everyone knows what a service
bus is. And maybe we
can start from the beginning
and you can explain what
a service bus is at.
It's at its lowest level.
Well, the, the enterprise service
bus is not Microsoft community,
but it's been going strong
now for a number of
years on the Java side
of the world. And one
of the things that often
confuses a lot of people
when thinking about a service
bus is that they have
this picture of a large
broker, that all communication goes
through It. And it turns
out that the Roker style
and the bus style are
actually very different from each
other, if not complete opposites.
So while most people wouldn't,
when they think of a
service bus where they think
of a broker, they have
a picture of, of this
talk in their mind. That's
actually a very accurate representation
of a broker. A bus
is something else in that
it is distributed inherently. There
is no such thing as
a centralized bus, a bus
is inherently distributed. And the
other thing that differentiates a
bus from a broker is
that, well, quite frankly, a
bus isn't supposed to do
very much of us. It's
more about getting out of
the way of the services
that run on top of
it, rather than doing a,
let's seek an example of
some very complicated content-based routing,
like opening up the XML
of a payload that goes
through it, sifting through a
bunch of fields. And seeing
if a given field is
greater than 17, then routing
it to the left. And
if it's less than 17,
routing it to the right,
that's the kind of stuff
that often our broker would
do that a bus would
not do. And what makes
that interesting is that it
leaves the responsibility for all
the business logic at the
service layer, so that we
have to be a lot
more conscientious about how we
assign responsibility to the things
on top of the bus.
So that's about it in
a nutshell. So is a,
is a bus about separation
of concerns is a bus
about deciding that here's something
that, that does know a
lot about the intricacies of
our larger business, but at
the same time, abstracts away
the smaller entities within the
business. That's a good question.
I'm not quite sure exactly
how to answer that I
ask is that it seems
like whenever I, let me
try to phrase this nicely,
I'm trying to think about
all the different things I've
done in my life. I
don't want to pick on
a particular company, but it
seems like at some point
you, you get to an
organization that is large enough
that has enough systems talking
to each other, that someone
starts saying time for a
service bus. You know, it's
almost kind of like the,
the, the, the bandaid that
they put on, on the
cancer of the larger organization
that, that might be overstating
it, but the idea that
they have systems that are
varied and complex, but need
to talk to each other,
maybe in the past, they
were tightly coupled. But now
they're looking for a way
to really separate the system
and needs to talk to
system B with, with, with,
you know, with other concerns.
So I'm trying to understand
what the bus is concerned
with. Is it just simply
a router and where does
the logic live and is
this a large company problem
only? Okay. So I'll actually
come back to that separation
of concerns that you mentioned
and, and, and, and create
a slight differentiation between what's
known as enterprise application integration,
EAI, which looks very much
as how you described it.
We have an existing set
of applications and systems that
we'd been having some pain
integrating with each other. And
what we're looking for is
a way to ease that
pain and EAI was, or
had its heyday, and that's
pretty much done. And now
we're all doing SOA. The
separation of concerns that the
bus that is looking to
bring that wasn't so much
there with the EAI brokers,
is that we're less focused
on the applications as they
are, and more focused on
the business responsibilities above that.
So the first thing that
we're trying to achieve is
separation of concerns at a
business level, and then use
a bus to conceptually hook
those up and at a
lower level, look at how
the free existing applications map
to those higher level services.
So I know it sounds
a little bit abstract, but
a lot of the problems
that we've been seeing with
integration are often a function
of taking a, a tightly
coupled business domain. Something that
the business view says always
needing to be consistent and
shoving the service bus in
the middle, or shoving a
broker in the middle of
that. So it's very important
to get the boundaries rights
and have them lining up
both technical, technical and business
wise. So how does sending
messages with the, you know,
the, the entity that you
send on to the bus,
how does that different, how
does sending messages at the,
at the large, at the
enterprise level, at the company
level differ from sending events
and responding to events at
the local application level? I,
I'm not sure that, that,
that I'd say that that
they're, that they're that different
in terms of mechanics, in
both case, in both cases,
you, you are sending a
message. It's more an issue
of, of intent. So when
you're going to publish an
event to have that event,
actually have a certain business
meaning for example, order canceled
order canceled is a, both
a business event and can
be represented as a message
in its own rights. Something
that would not be a
good fit for an event
would be something like cancel
order requests. A lot of
times the difficulties that people
run into when using a
service bus is doing request
response patterns on top of
a published, subscribed infrastructure. Then
we're, we're confusing the language
that we're using. And that
often makes routing quite a
little, quite a bit more
difficult and makes a, the
whole who subscribes to who
seem a little bit out
of whack. It would seem
quite unusual for a server
to subscribe to a client,
especially if we have a
lot of clients. So a
lot of the mix ups
and the difficulties that people
have when trying to employ
a service bus are due
to not understanding the concepts
behind it, that when you're
going to publish something, this
should be an event that
has meaning in the business
domain rather than being a
request. So not everything needs
to be pubs out. You
can still do request response
over a service bus, just
don't use its published API.
Okay. So you're the, it
sounds like there's a, a
not too subtle difference between
publishing a message and sending
a message. Correct. Okay. So
trying to reconcile the things
that people might be familiar
with in the sense of,
I have a system that
wants to talk, you know,
WCF and have an endpoint
to endpoint discussion versus, you
know, what we call pub
sub, which can be, you
know, can be a pattern
at the VA that can
be very local or that
can be very, very distributed.
And then you use the
term routing and I, and
I I've, I'm familiar. And
we were familiar with that
in the context of send
something to a trusted intermediary
that knows a little bit
more and maybe can handle
some addressing and then might
say, you know, I'll give
it to my friend and
my friend will give it
to UDI, which is still
effectively point to point. Although
my friend could route to
a different person, if they
needed to, what kind of
things does the business logic
in our applications know and
handle versus responsibilities of the,
the bus, like you had
made the comment about route
it to the left, if
it's above 17, right? If
it's below, is that the,
does the bus have, you
know, really internal knowledge about
the system that it could
make such a decision is
that business logic It's exactly
the opposite that brokers are
the kinds of technologies or
patterns that would do that
kind of decision making routed
to the left, routed to
the right don't and shouldn't
do that. So a bus
would never do anything like
that, but it would never
know about internals, Right? It
shouldn't need to know about
internals. It's the responsibility of
the system on top of
it to handle those kinds
of things itself, to structure
itself correctly, but getting to
maybe the difference between where
you do the service bus
and the way that a
lot of people about using
a WCF, the difference is
more along the lines of
when people think about using
WCF, they think about using
it between their client tier
and their server tier and
as a communications technology. Whereas
when, when you're looking at
the layers of a, of
a classical application, you often
wouldn't insert a service bus
between layers. And that sounds
a little bit odd. And
I'll explain in just a
second where you put it,
think about taking those layers
in, slicing it like a
cake down the middle right
now, those two pieces in
essence, you've got two applications.
Now, each one with its
own layers, you'd be looking
at what, in what way
does my business decompose so
that I could really have
two discreet apps. So if
we think of the classical
e-commerce example, the part of
accepting orders being, and seeing
that they're valid and, and
all, all that selling portion
could be viewed as one
part of the app and
the part dealing with inventory
management and purchasing new items
in ordering them and managing
where they are in the
warehouse has another discreet chunk
where there's an explicit events
that passes data from one
to the other. So the
order acceptance of events is
something that the order side
of the app can make
the decision to do by
itself would then publish that
event, using a service bus
to the other side, at
which point, the inventory side
of our application would do
its inventory management and say,
okay, well now we see
that someone's ordered 50 widgets,
that we need to get
them out of the warehouse
and ship them to the
consumer. So that's really the
place where we'd look at
introducing a service bus, not
so much between a client
and a server, but rather
between two different business parts.
Each one can have its
own UI focused on its
own little thing. So you
don't necessarily need to view
this as I'm building a
gigantic app for investment banking
and needs to be super
high performance, I'm going to
need to get a service
bus, but even for, for
smaller apps that are more
locally focused, they, it helps
me to, instead of having
one large monolithic app, I
can look at having several
smaller apps, each one focused
on its own domain that
tell each other about interesting
occurrences via this bus. So
when we got our little
order domain, that's accepting orders
and our inventory management, that's
keeping track of stock. We've
got our billing domain, that's
charging customers and our little
CRM part, that's saying, wow,
this person is really buying
a lot from us. Maybe
we should say that this
person is a preferred customer.
That's an event. And the
guys from the ordering parts,
we've got a preferred customer.
Let's give him a discount.
So it's more about describing
the business activities that are
going on and the business
events, and then representing those
as messages that get passed
around on a surface. Okay.
So this means that, okay,
so this means that I
could have this bus be
something I use inside of
a single process, just for,
for, for organization of my,
of my system. I could
have a single console application
and I could bring this
bus up and have it
all happened in memory, or
I could do a larger
system and have it run
on a, have the bus,
manage it, work on a
queue. Is that right? It
could be in a, in
a land environment. It could
be in a single data
center across multiple data centers.
Really. It's just a function
of which technologies we put
underneath or inside the bus,
but it doesn't change conceptually
what the events are that
we're publishing. That's really the
value of the service bus
is that it, it helps
us focus on our business
logic and on the, on
the ways that it can
be broken down into smaller
chunks. And that helps us
manage a lot of the
complexity in the application, as
it grows over time, often
have the scenario. If the
system started simple, it is,
but it grew into this
huge ungainly mess. How did
that ever happen? And it's
often because we didn't know
to look for those places
where we could start introducing
some of that. So in
that sense, a service, but
it's actually very practical in
helping us keep our systems
maintainable and loosely coupled, Hey
everybody, this is Scott coming
at you from another place
in time. No doubt. You
probably bump into testing tasks
now, and then, and your
work and, you know, writing
functional tests is probably not
your favorite thing. It's kind
of difficult. It takes time
and the results can be
dubious. Well, get ready to
start liking tests. Thanks to
Tellerik with the, the new
webinar testing framework. Building web
automation test is a breeze.
You've got code automation with
advanced asp.net Ajax, and several
light applications. You can write
a single test, have it
executed against multiple browsers at
once. You'd benefit from a
rich API there's link support
integration with visual studio, unit
testing, also end unit X
unit and NBA unit, not
to mention the free rappers
for Telerik rad controls for
ESPN and Ajax, and several
lines, all shipping with Telerik's
testing tool. One of the
best features, the webinar testing
framework, which is developed by
art of test is it's
absolutely free Friday got hooked
on web testing framework, start
using it right away, go
to tellerik.com for more info.
Thanks a lot. This gives
me the sense that if
a service bus is not
something that someone would take
lightly in the sense that
you wouldn't, would it be
difficult to take an existing
application and add a service
bus to it, or you
should have service supposed to
be part of a larger,
for lack of a better
word, more, more clever architecture.
I've been working with companies
for a number of years
on this, this exact kind
of work. And often introducing
a service bus is something
that we look at doing
first and foremost around the
edges. So less along the
lines of how do we
break up RF, but when
we need to integrate with
some other system or with
some other partner said, instead
of calling each other and
creating more coupling, what events
could we publish just around
the edges saying what happened
inside our app? Sometimes the
way that we go about
doing that is by writing
a trigger in the database
and saying, when a row
has been added to this
table publish, and then whoever
wants to listen to that
can hook into that. So
it's often a good first
step towards integrating our system
into a larger ecosystem. So
that's one way that we
could look at introducing the
service bus without worrying too
much about the way our
system is currently built and
doing that sort of a,
in a step by step
fashion. So you don't have
to refactor your app and
break it up into a
million different little pieces. So
I'm, I'm not sure that
I'd say that it's something
that you take lightly, that
if you're looking at the,
the longterm maintainability and integration
of your system with other
systems and providing more business
value on top of that.
Yeah, I do see it
having some kind of service
bus or having the facility
of being able to publish
events, being very useful. Right.
How often do you find
yourself where you're using WCF,
you know, windows, communication foundation,
you know, and windows workflow
and the, you know, and
they add the Microsoft applications
that start kind of getting,
getting in this general space.
I mean, how much does
an service bus and fill
a gap where Microsoft has
kind of completely dropped the
ball and, and, and how
do you, how do you
feel about, you know, things
that Microsoft might be coming
out and were coming out
with and where a service
bus would fit into that?
Okay, well, and service bus
specifically is not meant to
replace WCS or to replace
synchronous communication and service bus
does not do synchronous communication.
That is what makes it
do publish subscribe well, because
it focuses on doing one
thing very well. WCF on
the other hand does not
do publish subscribe. You don't
have a, a WCF dot
publish out of the box,
and you can try to
implement that kind of thing
with callback contracts and some
sort of routing and point
that you set up. And
even the stuff that's coming
out in dotnet 4.0 with,
with the Dublin technologies in
the window server technologies, there
still is no published subscribed
facility that comes with WCF.
So in that respect, in
a given classical Microsoft app,
you continue to use WCF
for your client to server
communication. And you may find
that the use for in
service bus, in doing your
published, subscribed communication. So you'd
end up using both. So
it really is complimentary. It's
not something that, that Microsoft
does. Microsoft have a service
bus lying around that we
are going to, or buying
and wait, do you know,
The.net service bus? And then
what was known for a
while as the internet service
bus, which are primarily technologies
for, in essence, doing WCF
full duplex over the internet,
but even there, you don't
have published subscribed functionality, right?
You have a starting point
as a part of the
Azure technologies with the, with
the queue service that's out
there. So in other words,
you you'd have a queue
in the cloud similar to
how you have MSMQ in
windows. So it's having a
queue as a very useful
thing and, and service bus
makes use of MSMQ and
queues in general. But when,
when we look at that
published subscribed functionality, again, more
in terms of discretely representing
events, rather than any kind
of communication, I just haven't
seen that working out so
well, especially if we're looking
for something that we want
it to be both lightweight
in process and not just
over the internet or within
our private land. So even
though there is the, the
service bus as a part
of Azure, it's targeted at
serve, it's solving a different
problem, which is that internet
relay communication and service bus,
the way that it's currently
built is focused primarily on
in the land. So you've
got a bunch of apps
already, physically together, and you
just want to introduce some
logical ups of communication. Hmm.
Now, when, when I'm moving
things around the internet, inevitably
things will turn into to
angle brackets and there's there's
messages that I have to
deal with versioning I have
to do. And typically I
deal with versioning and with
names V XML. Namespaces when,
when we're doing something in,
in service bus and we're
dealing with, with versioning, are
we talking about that CLR
types? And if I have
two applications that are going
to talk to each other,
what is the thing they're
collaborating over? Is it, is
it a CLR interface? Is
it something, is it something
else? How much do they
have to know about each
other? They, they, they both
know about the bus. What
do they have to know
about the message? Well, the
message first and foremost is
just like in, in, in,
in any communication, it's your
schema, it's the language that
you use to communicate. And
first of all, there's the
logical representation of that, which
is like we do with
a regular.net and web services,
things like that. We can
represent them as regular classes.
Then the question of when
we want to move them
over the wire, how do
we want to serialize them?
We can do binary, serialization.
We can do XML serialization.
It's the same thing within
service bus, how you choose
to serialize your plain old
CLR messages. It is pretty
much up to you. So
that's more in terms of
the representation on the wire
and while that's related to
how we version things, that's
not the entire story of
versioning. It turns out that
versioning is, is a slightly
more complicated problem than just
angled brackets by themselves can
solve a heart of the
things that, that makes versioning
a little bit easier. When
thinking about published subscribe is
that you've got explicit ownership
of the schema. So for
example, in that e-commerce example,
our order of service is
the one it's the only
one that gets to define
and to version what an
order accepted events looks like
in a web services world,
where we have collars and
call leaves, and that those
colors can call others in
turn pretty much any web
service use any structure that
they want. And it's harder
to pin down who owns
this and who gets to
version this, right? So that,
that model of thinking of
saying, no, you own this.
So it's your responsibility to
version it. And not only
that, if you're the, if
it's your responsibility to diversion,
it, it's your responsibility to
version it in a backwards
compatible way. So once you
have that throat to choke,
everybody tends to play along
quite a bit better than
in a classical web service
style of approach where everybody
can say, no, it's not
me, it's him. No, I
changed my web service, but
he didn't change his web
service. And you can never
really say the buck stops
here because anybody can call
anybody in web services with
published subscribed. There is only
one publisher for a given
there's only one logical publisher
for a given kind of
event. And they're responsible for
that. So that's more the
out the organizational aspects of
versioning, the technical aspect of
versioning that and service Busta,
something quite interesting with is
that it allows you to
find messages as interfaces only,
and not as a, not
just as classes. Now, the
nice thing about interfaces is
that you've got multiple inheritance
or interfaces and you don't
have them for classes. But
when we think about messages
or events, there's absolutely no
reason that we would stop
ourselves from saying, I have
a new event, which means
both event a and event
B occurred. In other words,
I want to represent an
is a relationship between between
one new event and two
preexisting events. What that means
is that when I publish
this new events, I'll previous
subscribers of event a will
receive it and I'll preview
subscribers of event. He will
receive it as well. In
other words, I don't create
a routing problem saying, well,
you have to inherit from
only one. And then you're
going to have to do
composition for the other, which
means you're going to need
a content based router to
open up that message, take
out the composed part and
route it to the previous
subscribers. So the fact that
we can use interfaces in
order to describe messages in
order to describe events, helps
us prevent a lot of
versioning problems and routing problems,
especially as the system grows
and we want to represent
more complex relationships. Very cool.
Very cool. Yeah. The composition
of messages, as well as
identity is it's been always
been challenging and that the
interface does have kind of
an elegant way of, of,
of both handling composition and
kind of tagging a message
with information. Can you, can
you annotate these, these messages?
Can you add metadata, like
in the form of attributes
or would that be inappropriate?
The, the, the data is,
is just the properties and
the interface. So if you
want to define an additional
property just to find an
additional property, though, I'm guessing
that the, the in terms
of annotation, I'm thinking you're
meaning something else. Well, I
mean, hands that aren't necessarily
a part of the business
process maybe. And when I
think of an attribute of
something, it's, I always describe
it as a posted note,
which is like something that's
maybe outside the usual running
of the, of the business.
You know, when someone hands
you a whatever request on
a piece of paper, that
is a form that they've
all agreed on and they
might add a post it
note that is some additional
bit of information that might
be required. So the way
that you do that within
service bus is using headers,
because w what you've defined
that this, this posted note
is not an inherent part
of the structure of this
interface. It's something that I
may put on. I may
not put on. I may
put it on a bunch
of instances of messages. So
when you're sending a message,
or when you're publishing a
message, you can add headers,
regular string value pairs, and
put whatever you want in
there. And obviously that something
needs to be on the
other side to look at
those headers and decide what
to do with them. But,
but that's the facility that
you'd use in order to,
to do your post it
notes. One of the questions
I wanted to ask was
when you have really, really
large systems, like when you
put end service bus into
a much larger system, I
can, I can visualize the
distribution of the messages within
physical process, but when you
have, you know, 40 or
50 machines, what's doing the
distribution distribution part of the,
of the messages. And how
does that, how does that
work? I mean, machines go
up machines, go down, you've
got a large number of
machines in a farm. You
know, things happen in, in,
in the more systems that
you have, what kind of,
how, how is the robustness
handled and how is the
distribution handle of the, of
the messages? Okay. So the,
the transport that's used for
machine to machine communication and
in service bus, or let's
say that the, the, the
strongest one that comes out
of the box. So there
is the ability to plug
in others instead is that
MSM queue based transport MSMQ,
and just like WCF uses
MSMQ for durable messaging and
service bus uses emphasis on
cue for verbal messaging. So
that's the way that we
handle scenarios, where one machine
is trying to send a
message to another. And that
machine is down. What happens
at them as in queue
level is just that, that
message weights on the sending
machine until the target machine
comes back up again. But
this doesn't lock the process
that asks to send the
message. So that's in terms
of the physical, moving the
message from one machine to
another, under all sorts of
failure scenarios. When we want
to talk about robustness in
a broader system perspective, then
we have to start connecting
messaging and friends actions and
business logic together. So let's
say that we had a
scenario where someone published an
event that said order accepted,
and we're the billing service
and that message that we're
subscribed to appears in our
queue, and we start processing
it. So we take the
message out to the queue.
We start running some business
logic, we go write some
data to the database, and
then our machine crashes that
this can happen no matter
what we're doing, whether we're
using in service bus or
not. The thing that we'd
like to have happened is
that while the database is
smart, it knows to roll
back. If we didn't commit
our transaction. And when our
machine comes back up again,
the database is going to
be in a consistent state.
However, what tends to happen
specifically if you're using HTTP,
is that, well, the order
accepted event disappeared, you forgot
about it because you crashed.
However, when you use MSMQ
and the transaction that you're
using, it spends both the
queue and your database processing,
as well as the sending
of additional messages. You've got
a much, a much broader
perspective of unit of work.
In other words, we need
to make sure that we
were able to both write
everything that we needed to
the database. We are, we
have finished all our processing
in terms of sending additional
messages and only then will
the original message also disappear.
So that way, no matter
what crashes at which point
in time, nothing ever gets
inconsistent, but this is, this
is a core piece of
functionality that making sure you
do this the right way.
And there are all sorts
of scenarios that you have
to take care of as
well. That include things like,
well, if we have a
message that we can de
serialize, that always causes an
exception, we don't want to
get stuck retrying that message
forever. So please a message
handling, being able to detect
the number of times that
we failed processing a given
message, and then moving that
to some different queue is
also a core capability. That's
an in service bus. So
that's how we maintain robustness
and reliability at the single
node level, which makes sure
that we maintain consistency at
the local level between, between
all of the machines in
our service and with all
our partners, trying to do
this kind of stuff over
HTTP with Costco web services.
We'll really the only way
that you can do that
is by flowing Ws, atomic
transaction, everywhere, but that makes
everything slow as hell. Hmm.
And yeah, I mean, certainly
what I've read about and
service bus slow is not
a problem that you have
Not really the, the, the
in service bus, as a
transport with all the transactions
and durable and XML, serialization,
things like that. It can
fairly easily do per process
for machine hundreds up to
the level of maybe a
thousand durable, transactional messages a
second. But it's more in
terms of when you design
a system, according to these
principles, then you are able
to scale out and achieve
these benefits in parallel. So
having two machines, that would
be 2000 messages, a second,
having 10 machines, that's 10,000
messages a second. Whereas with
classical web services, we just
end up having more machines,
waiting for a response from
each other, whereas within service
bus, because all the communication
is nonblocking, you don't get
into those problems to begin
with. So w folks can
go to end service, bus.com
to read the documentation and
get the downloads and stuff.
Are there, what are books
or talks that you can
recommend that people can read
to start familiarizing themselves with,
with service buses and how
they fit into the ecosystem?
Well, I've been talking about
writing about these patterns for
a good long time. So
people can always go to
my blog. That's  dot
com and read up all
the stuff that I've written
over the years. Also recently,
I was here in Norway,
giving talks about how these
patterns can be used in
building a scalable web systems.
And those talks are now
recorded and online. So you
can take a look at
those as well. Those would
probably be the two best,
most immediate resources to go
to. Very cool. Well, thanks
a lot for sitting down
with me today and explaining
a surface bus and answer
as best. And hopefully I'll
get you on our show
again, to, to share some
more of your All right.
Thanks a lot, Scott. All
right. This has been another
episode of Hansel minutes, and
I'll see you again next
week.